Add custom home directory support (#1936)
pyodide/pyodide: docs/project/changelog.md

## Unreleased

### Backward incompatible changes

- {{Breaking}} Default working directory(home directory) inside Pyodide virtual

>   file system has been changed from `/` to `/home/pyodide`. You can `os.chdir("/")`
>   to change working directory if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  file system has been changed from `/` to `/home/pyodide`. To get previous behavior, you can
  - call `os.chdir("/")`  to change working directory
  - or call {any}`loadPyodide <globalThis.loadPyodide>` with the `homeDirectory="./"` argument
```

- {{Fix}} Webpack building compatibility issues and a {any}`loadPyodide <globalThis.loadPyodide>`
  runtime issue due to webpack are solved. 
  {pr}`1900`

> - {{API}} {any}`loadPyodide <globalThis.loadPyodide>` now accepts `homeDirectory`

Reviewer: I wonder if should name this argument `home` (name of UNIX [$HOME](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Home_directory) also in [pathlib.Path.home()](https://docs.python.org/3/library/pathlib.html#pathlib.Path.home)) or maybe better `homedir` as in [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/api/os.html#os_os_homedir). `homeDirectory` is a bit long.
